The willing spirit of Jehovah's people has always made feelings of appreciation well
up in our Heavenly Father's heart.
For example, consider the attitude displayed by the nation of Israel in supporting the construction
of the Tabernacle in 1512 BCE.
As impressive as that structure was, the watchtower of December 15, 2014 stated, what brought
Jehovah the most pleasure was not the material offerings, but the willing spirit of those who
thus supported pure worship.
Exodus 362 describes how Bezelel, a holy app, and other skilled men took the lead in
constructing the Tabernacle.
But many others volunteered.
We are told that everyone whose heart impelled him had a share.
All these people were a special source of joy to Jehovah.
Today, it is impressive to see what Jehovah's organization is accomplishing in all the
earth, and those who volunteer to do the work at Bezel and in construction assignments
continue to make Jehovah's heart rejoice.
The Personnel Committee has prepared the following report to highlight some of the precious
people who work behind the scenes, our hardworking brothers and sisters in construction.
What is their work, lifestyle, and daily routine?
How can getting involved in this work as a young person lead to rewarding opportunities
in the future?
And how can all of us support these self-sacrificing servants of Jehovah?
We invite you to watch and listen as some of our dear construction workers tell their stories.
There's something special about construction.
Sometimes you travel to the middle of nowhere, and we've met construction groups, and there's
just a vibe, there's just a weird family, and you're going to have a good time.
So we kind of grew up around construction, which was a huge privilege.
My parents were both involved in construction, on one particular assembly hall.
Yeah, we just heard from a few different characters, and they just seemed to be having so much fun.
And the thought of having fun and being in full-time service for Jehovah was very, very appealing.
What I like the most about my assignment is knowing that I can be a useful tool in Jehovah's
hands, and that wherever he sees the need, I can help.
My mom's example later helped me to decide to enter full-time service.
And when it came to doing more for Jehovah, she taught us to make Jehovah service our way
of life.
We really do have a lot of fun on the team.
It's a real mix of characters, ages, experience, and that's really important, because we're
doing a serious work at times, but Jehovah's happy God, and he wants us to enjoy our assignments.
I remember one particular convention where I heard a talk about goals.
It kind of made me just take a pause and think about what my goals were.
What do I really want to do in my service to Jehovah?
Have I yet done anything that's really shown him that I'm putting my life squarely in his hands?
And I think that that was that moment in that talk, that I thought it was time for an adventure, was Jehovah.
The routine of a construction servant starts at Bethel with morning worship.
We love morning worship.
It's almost like a mini convention.
You just get that little something to keep you going through the day.
And then we've got a full day from 8 to 5.
I enjoy lunch here on site with the rest of the construction family and some of the Bethel family.
What's really important for all of us on the project is to maintain our own spirituality.
We have an environment where you can do good, quiet study.
In our assignments, it's definitely been when we focused on the Ministry of the Weekends,
what happens in the week was always better.
Something else I enjoy about being here in my routine is spending time with my friends.
We don't just work, but Jehovah lets us have fun.
So I have no construction background at all.
So everything that I've been able to enjoy with the project has been
because brothers have shown some confidence and given me the opportunity to learn.
There's a huge variety of roles within a construction project of this site.
Obviously there's the needs for the real skills of trades that I needed to actually build the buildings.
But there's a vast support network that can often be off his face.
We're from quite simple backgrounds. We had simple jobs.
And what Jehovah has managed to achieve with us always amazes us, really.
Because we now do jobs that we never would have imagined that we could have done.
So every assignment that we've had, I think we've felt quite overwhelmed, inexperienced.
I think sometimes when you're completely out of your comfort zone,
is when Jehovah can give you what you most need.
So the end outcome is always an enormous blessings.
And so the blessings always outweigh the challenges.
Something else that's really helped us through challenges is the brothers and sisters we've worked with.
Always there for us, always with a comforting word,
a hug, an arm around the shoulder,
and often that's really helped us get through challenging situations as well.
I think the greatest challenge I faced and continue to face is a fear of the unknown.
The fear of feeling out an application and sending it.
I'm an assignment that I don't know how to carry out or if I'm capable of.
And of going somewhere else and not knowing how to get there.
Despite the challenges I have faced in Jehovah's service, I have always received help.
And on one occasion, when I was traveling to my new assignment,
I had logistical issues that arose because of the pandemic.
In my case, the branch was always there to support me in everything.
With all the decisions I had to make and the documents I had to get for the trip.
The Bible accounts that's always meant a lot to me is David and Jonathan.
And the fact that they really didn't know each other that long,
but had such an incredible friendship and bond.
And I really feel the congregation has been that for me out here.
And ones that you meet and just within a very short period of time,
you think they are going to be like family there.
I'm going to know them forever.
The project, you could be far away from those that really do know all those years before or your family.
So you're so reliant on that support.
So there is no work we do or assignment we might have that isn't really just giving back to Jehovah,
a little bit of what he has given us.
Looking back, the only thing that I regret is not put my application in even sooner.
But there's nothing that I regret about having put it in.
And the life that Jehovah has allowed me to enjoy since then.
Working with a team of brothers and sisters, what a massive privilege.
You're not in the world, you're not in Satan's system.
You're just surrounded by characters who have the same goal.
It's not easy living in this system.
I think when we're in full-time service,
when we're giving ourselves to Jehovah in that way,
he just gives back so much more.
It just becomes a great way to live your life.
You're serving Jehovah, you're with a great group of people,
and you have in a great time.
And who wouldn't want a piece of that?
We love our dear brothers and sisters
who have willingly extended themselves in theocratic service.
And we know that you do too.
We thank all of you for the spirit you show
in helping maintain your local places of pure worship.
We commend all of you who, like David, Jasmine, Jonathan, and Carolina,
made the decision as a youth to volunteer for Jehovah's service.
We are confident that young ones will set similar goals
and experience the unique joy that working with Jehovah brings.
We also want to thank the thousands of special full-time service
and volunteers who work behind the scenes
on construction projects around the world.
Your work is appreciated and worthy of much commendation.
Your tireless efforts to construct, remodel, and maintain
places of pure worship benefit all of us.
Your work contributes to the advancement of kingdom interests,
and above all, it warms the heart of our Heavenly Father, Jehovah.